Comrade.
Our bag we hid in the lounge disappeared.
Move Eung-cheol first. Hurry!
Eung-cheol.
Eung-cheol!
Comrade. Where are the hostages?
Did they escape?
No.
Everything's okay.
Don't worry.
Hang in there!
Sector 2-3 reporting.
We see Lim Soo-ho moving by the windows.
Sniping him is possible. Over.
Hold fire.
Hold fire unless ordered otherwise.
Keep an eye on Lim Soo-ho
and keep me posted. Over.
Move the phone to room 207
and set booby traps in front of
the cafeteria and between 204 and 211.
We must find our bag to set any bombs.
You know the guy who was after our money.
Why do they keep telling us
just to watch him?
How would I know?
Just do as told.
They have no intention of breaking in
despite the explosion.
Send in every unit available
and suppress them right away.
The bombs exploded in the cafeteria
where the hostages were kept
and in room 203
where the ANSP agent was kept.
If anyone is injured,
we must get them out first.
The bomb exploded in the cafeteria
where the students were kept!
There's no way
they would've killed the hostages.
Think about it. They obey
the orders even if they have to die.
You think they'd kill them?
Someone must have touched
the booby traps by mistake.
Listen, you bastard.
My son's being buried today.
Are you going
to get my daughter killed too?
Honey.
The burial isn't important right now.
What if something happens to Yeong-ro?
You should go to the scene yourself. Now.
Hurry.
Hello?
FUNERAL OF STAFF SERGEANT EUN YEONG-U
Only 13 must die.
Exactly 13.
No more, no less. Exactly 13.
Exactly 13. Please.
Sir. Please.
Sang-beom.
I'm telling the truth.
I'd open up my heart
and show you if I could.
I did find the money bag.
But I don't know where it is now.
Gye Bun-ok!
That wench hid it away!
That damn wench!
Bun-ok, please!
Just tell them.
You don't want to die, do you?
The habit of stealing from the students
must've made you steal their money too!
Did you see it?
I didn't do it.
You didn't?
Bun-ok.